README.md, before:

# fvcore

fvcore is a light-weight core library that provides the most common and essential
functionality shared in various computer vision frameworks developed in FAIR,
such as Detectron2. This library is based on Python 3.6+ and PyTorch. All the components
in this library are type-annotated, tested, and benchmarked.

The computer vision team in FAIR is responsible for maintaining this library.

## Install:

fvcore requires python >= 3.6.

Use one of the following ways to install:

### 1. Install from PyPI (updated nightly)
```
pip install -U fvcore
```

### 2. Install from Anaconda Cloud (updated nightly)

```
conda install -c conda-forge -c iopath -c fvcore fvcore
```

### 3. Install latest from GitHub
```
pip install -U 'git+https://github.com/facebookresearch/fvcore'
```

### 4. Install from a local clone
```
git clone https://github.com/facebookresearch/fvcore
pip install -e fvcore
```

## License

This library is released under the [Apache 2.0 license](https://github.com/facebookresearch/fvcore/blob/master/LICENSE).

Commit message:

update flop count docs
Reviewed By: theschnitz

Differential Revision: D27452207

fbshipit-source-id: a8891337eb180df68c208c72b0bb79d9afdf7eb3

README.md, after:

# fvcore

fvcore is a light-weight core library that provides the most common and essential
functionality shared in various computer vision frameworks developed in FAIR,
such as [Detectron2](https://github.com/facebookresearch/detectron2/),
[PySlowFast](https://github.com/facebookresearch/SlowFast)
[ClassyVision](https://github.com/facebookresearch/ClassyVision).
All components in this library are type-annotated, tested, and benchmarked.

The computer vision team in FAIR is responsible for maintaining this library.

## Features:

Besides some basic utilities, the most notable features of fvcore are:
* Accurate tracing-based flop counting: [Doc](https://detectron2.readthedocs.io/en/latest/modules/fvcore.html#fvcore.nn.FlopCountAnalysis).
* Recursive parameter counting: [Doc](https://detectron2.readthedocs.io/en/latest/modules/fvcore.html#fvcore.nn.parameter_count).

## Install:

fvcore requires pytorch and python >= 3.6.

Use one of the following ways to install:

### 1. Install from PyPI (updated nightly)
```
pip install -U fvcore
```

### 2. Install from Anaconda Cloud (updated nightly)

```
conda install -c conda-forge -c iopath -c fvcore fvcore
```

### 3. Install latest from GitHub
```
pip install -U 'git+https://github.com/facebookresearch/fvcore'
```

### 4. Install from a local clone
```
git clone https://github.com/facebookresearch/fvcore
pip install -e fvcore
```

## License

This library is released under the [Apache 2.0 license](https://github.com/facebookresearch/fvcore/blob/master/LICENSE).
